One of the things that we noticed is
that in the original implementation,
I made sure to divide that
whole number of 20 by 100,
just multiplying your price by 20 makes
you an incredibly generous tipper.
So we're gonna fix that slight bug.
Luckily, the biggest bugs so
far have been my spelling and my math.
So that's really encouraging.
So we've got that in place.
If you think about
the menu item component,
we have a way to get the subtitle
of all of the items.
But we don't have a way
to get one item out or
also the ability to get the subtotal or
the total price of just one item,
so we can do that as well.
And again, it's just a little bit more of
the same just to kinda get some muscle
memory in place so we can select an item
which is gonna take our state, and
it's gonna return just state really,
I guess which one that we're looking for.
So in our case, it's gonna be state.
We'll pass in the props coz we'll get
that from own props from match dispatch
to props.
So we'll go ahead and
we'll say return state.items.find.
And go through all of them and
find me the one where the item.uuid
equals the props.uuid, right.
And so we can pass that in,
this will get us a particular item.
And then, based on that,
based on the ability to find an item,
we wanna go ahead and look for
the select item total.
Actually, this is going to be a selector.
Create selector, we'll do select item,
right, which we just made and
that is going to get
the item that we found.
And then from there we wanna do
the item.price times item.quantity.
All right, so we've got all of that in
place, now we have our singular menu item.
So really what we'd like to do there is
go and figure out how to get a total and
pass it in as a prop
that I was looking for.
So right now just has a map
dispatch to props, but like yeah,
we're trying to make a new state, right.
We want to take the fact that we know
this item has a subtotal and we know
that this item has a, it has a price and
a quantity, and we want to derive that and
pass it in as the total, instead of
doing it in the component itself.
So here we're gonna say,
come match dispatched props.
And that's gonna get a copy of the state.
And all we really need to do here is we
need to return an object that has a total.
And this is going to be select item total,
it will take the state,
I guess, the props as well,
so you can pull off the quantity and
the price.
We'll have that in place.
Total.
Why are you angry?
Called a map state to props.
Well, we want to call it
map state to props and
then we'll pass it in as a first argument.
And let's see what we got.
All right, we have it all wired up.
Right, you'll notice that we didn't
have to find the given item coz select
item total relies on select item.
So it will go ahead and use that selection
find right item it will get the total for
us just based on passing it the state, and
it will only run if it
absolutely needs to.
So now you don't have to like
performance tweak everything insight.
You basically these are the rules in
which I need to compute new data.
Should be underlying pieces change,
you'll get new data.
If they have not changed, you can call
this like a whole bunch of times,
it's only going to run when the state or
the props change, right?
So you'll get it, you'll get,
you're basically automatically getting
like the bare minimum that you need to do
in order to drive this data to
hopefully save particularly on.
There's a difference between
a particularly expensive computation or
a cheap one just so many times.
This will allow you to save for that.